{"en":"Our vicar is always raising money for one cause or another, ^ ","ch":"我们教区的牧师总是为各种各样的事筹集资金，  "}
{"en":"but he has never managed to get enough money to have the church clock repaired. ^ ","ch":"但始终未能筹足资金把教堂的钟修好。  "}
{"en":"The big clock which used to strike the hours day and night was damaged many years ago and has been silent ever since. ^ ","ch":"教堂的钟很大， 以前不分昼夜打点报时， 但在很多年前遭到毁坏， 从此便无声无息了。  "}
{"en":"One night,  however,  our vicar woke up with a start:  the clock was striking the hours! ^ ","ch":"一天夜里， 我们的牧师突然被惊醒了， 大钟又在“打点”报时了！  "}
{"en":"Looking at his watch,  he saw that it was one o'clock,  but the bell struck thirteen times before it stopped. ^ ","ch":"他一看表， 才1点钟， 可是那钟一边敲了13下才停。  "}
{"en":"Armed with a torch,  the vicar went up into the clock tower to see what was going on. ^ ","ch":"牧师拿着一支电筒走上钟楼想去看看究竟发生了什么事情。  "}
{"en":"In the torchlight,  he caught sight of a figure whom he immediately recognized as Bill Wilkins,  our local grocer. ^ ","ch":"借着电筒光。 他看见一个人， 马上认出那是本地杂货店店主比尔. 威尔金斯。  "}
{"en":"'Whatever are you doing up here Bill? ' asked the vicar in surprise. ^ ","ch":"你究竟在这上面干什么， 比尔? ”牧师惊讶地问。  "}
{"en":"'I'm trying to repair the bell, ' answered Bill. ^ ","ch":"我想把这口钟修好， ”比尔回答说。  "}
{"en":"'I've been coming up here night after night for weeks now. ^ ","ch":"好几个星期了， 我天天夜里到钟楼上来。  "}
{"en":"You see,  I was hoping to give you a surprise. '^ ","ch":"嗯， 我是想让你大吃一惊。 ” "}
{"en":"'You certainly did give me a surprise! ' said the vicar. ^ ","ch":"你确实使我大吃了一惊！ ”牧师说，  "}
{"en":"'You've probably woken up everyone in the village as well. ^ ","ch":"也许同时你把村里所有的人都吵醒了。  "}
{"en":"Still,  I'm glad the bell is working again. '^ ","ch":"不过， 钟又能报时了， 我还是很高兴的。 ” "}
{"en":"'That's the trouble,  vicar, ' answered Bill. ^ “","ch":"问题就在这里， 牧师， ”比尔回答说。  "}
{"en":"'It's working all right,  but I'm afraid that at one o'clock it will strike thirteen times and there's nothing I can do about it. '^ ","ch":"不错， 钟能报时了， 但是， 恐怕每到1点钟， 它总要敲13下， 对此我已无能为力了。 ” "}
{"en":"'We'll get used to that,  Bill, ' said the vicar. ^ ","ch":"大家慢慢就习惯了， 比尔， ”牧师说。  "}
{"en":"'Thirteen is not as good as one,  but it's better than nothing. ^ ","ch":"下是不如1下好， 但总比1下也不敲强。  "}
{"en":"Now let's go downstairs and have a cup of tea. '^ ","ch":"来， 咱们下楼去喝杯茶吧。 ” "}